Oh
alright this recipe calls for a few
things here first one is 2 onions 1
onion will be chopped up finely will be
mixed in with 1 pound of hamburger meat
and I have all the various spices over
here that's going to complete this chili
a Coney dog is nothing more but the hot
dog frankfurter the chili sauce would
just mustard and raw onions on top that
is the original Coney Island and that's
what we're doing here today so let's go
ahead and get started by chopping up
these onions like said you want a fairly
fine and I have a little helper here
that will help me make this short order
it does a really good job just like that
alright I got 1 pound of ground beef I'm
away at in about half of these onions
which would be about one whole onion
these are the ones that I just chopped
up rather fine and we're going to
reserve two remainder of these onions
for the hotdogs itself all right also
into this I'm going to add two cloves of
garlic that's been minced up
don't stir all this in and brown well
okay I've been going around 5 minutes
just browning this meat up by the way
this is a 93 7 93% lean 7% fat and all
we're really coming up with is mainly
water and so we're not going to drain
this there will be a little bit of all
in it a little bit grease but not enough
to really hurt anything so at this point
we're going to take 2 tablespoons of
chili powder I'm using the next seen
chili powder
we're also going to put in 1 tablespoon
of cumin that's two tablespoons of chili
powder 1 tablespoon of cumin we're going
to add this in we're going to let this
cook about additional 3 minutes
all right my add in about a cup of water
also go ahead down one six out can of
tomato paste all right I'm going to go
ahead and work this in really good and
get all this blended and mixed in well
and we'll be back alright now I want to
add in some salt we haven't seasoned it
with salt we're going to get about a
half a teaspoon of salt right now under
this you want to add one tablespoon of
just plain old yellow prepared mustard
one tablespoon of Worcestershire sauce
we'll mix this in good all right the
last and final ingredient is around 2
teaspoons of brown sugar maybe just a
tad more that should be playing all
right I'm gonna mix this in good we just
won't let it simmer here for a few more
minutes and this is basically done I've
been letting this simmer for around five
more minutes looking really good it's
just about the right thickness just
tasted it this stuff is good it's going
to be really good on a chili dog alright
what I'm going to do at this point is
I'm going to slide this off the heat and
I'm gonna swap places with this little
steamer here we're going to go ahead and
put this on high and we're getting ready
to steam some hot dog wieners and some
buns alright I've got these all beef New
York style frankfurters going on
got them steaming they've been in here
about four minutes in about another
minute I'm gonna add the buns and let
them steam for one minute this is a very
close replica to the original Coney
Island the Coney Island dog up there in
Michigan and from doing this hotdog
series if I haven't learned anything
I've learned one thing that there are
many variations to all of these dogs the
Detroit Coney Island it uses a thinner a
thinner sauce this is a thicker sauce
and I'm sure there's other variations as
well different toppings such as that but
what I presented to you today is the
basic Coney Island recipe as it started
but this Coney Island dog is about as
simple as it gets
we got a steamed bun nice and salt from
there we're gonna take the New York
style all beef kosher type hot dog
Wiener right now from here we're
something just gonna put this chili on
that we made
- what that really looks good smells
good and tastes good
all right all we get from there is just
more mustard on top you know we got
mustard and saw the chilli we're going
to put more on top we're going to top it
with raw onions and that is it that is
the Coney Island all right oh this is
going to be good let's give this a taste
test all right here we go
mmm oh yeah mmm it's very hot but
delicious this is the keeper this is
good all right people this is actually
going to be my last hot dog in this
series for a while I will be adding some
more hot dog recipes as I go and throw
them on that playlist but I have got so
many products that I've got to do
reviews on that people's been sending me
and Melanie and I'm really getting
behind so it's time for me to move on to
bigger and better things so I hope you
enjoyed everything up to now I've got
four different hot dog videos up and we
covered some really good ones I hope you
give them a try including this one this
is a keeper for sure excellent hot dog
and that's about it
until next time smoker ribs